44 English Phonetic Sounds with Example
Words Consonance Pen Happy Stop B Big
Rubber Web T Butter Cat D Dog Ladder Bed
Cat Ticket Black G Go Bigger Bag Fan
Coffee Leaf V Very Over Love Think Math
Teeth V This Mother Breathe S Son Miss
Goose Zoo Buzz Days Sh Shoe Wash Bush J
Measure Vision Beige Hat Behind Ahead Ch
Chair Teacher Watch J Jam Enjoy Bridge M
Man Hammer Dream N No Funny Son N Sing
Sing Finger Long L Leg Yellow Cool Run
Carry Car E Yes Beyond Onion Wet Always
Queen Vowels E See Beach Key E Sit Big
Big Win A Bed Head Said A Cat Bag Hat A
Car Farm Heart A Hot Dog Lock Lock A Ball
Talk Bought Boo Put Foot Good Boo Boot
Blue Food A Cup Cup Luck Sun Ur Bird Work
Work Learn A About Pencil Doctor A Say
Wait Day I My My My Like Time Boy Boy Boy
Toy NoISE O Go Home No O Now House Down
Ia Here Near Fear Aia wear, chair, bear,
ua, pure, tour, sure.